[ADD] ecommerce: add new design section and pages (#15829)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/ecommerce/ecommerce_design.rst

:nosearch:
:show-content:
:hide-page-toc:

================
eCommerce design
================

> Customize the design of your :doc:`product pages <../ecommerce/ecommerce_design/product_page>`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customize the design of the :doc:`product pages <../ecommerce/ecommerce_design/product_page>`,
```

structure the :doc:`product catalog <../ecommerce/ecommerce_design/catalog>` and use
:doc:`additional features <../ecommerce/ecommerce_design/additional_features>` to enhance
the user experience.

.. cards::

   .. card:: Product page
      :target: ecommerce_design/product_page
      :large:

      Design your product pages by showcasing product details and additional information, adding
      product images and videos, and using the drag-and-drop building blocks.

   .. card:: Product catalog
      :target: ecommerce_design/catalog
      :large:

      Organize your product catalog by customizing the layout, using categories, and adding
      building blocks, and filtering options.

   .. card:: Additional features
      :target: ecommerce_design/additional_features
      :large:

>       Enable additional buttons on the shop and/or product page and highlight your products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Enable additional features, such as the wishlist and product comparison, and highlight products using ribbons.
```
since there's more to the feature than just the button, if that makes sense? and I think mentioning ribbons explicitly would be helpful here.
